AAP-15785: Revised titles and sections (#391)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/assemblies/hub/assembly-view-only-access.adoc

[id="assembly-view-only-access"]

> = Enabling view-only access for your private automation hub

Reviewer: Use attribute for private automation hub? (consistent w/ other modules) Not sure if there's still debate about not using attributes in titles due to Git issues.

Author: Hi @jself-sudoku. Line 2 was deleted and the new title does include the attribute for Private automation hub.

Reviewer: Okay. Thanks, @lmalivert .

= {PrivateHubNameStart} view-only access

> By enabling view-only access, you can grant access for users to view collections or namespaces on your private automation hub without the need for them to log in. View-only access allows you to share content with unauthorized users while restricting their ability to only view or download source code, without permissions to edit anything on your private automation hub.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion in the wording of the first sentence...

```suggestion
By enabling view-only access, you can grant access for users to view collections or namespaces on your {private automation hub} without requiring them to log in. View-only access allows you to share content with unauthorized users while restricting their ability to only view or download source code, without permissions to edit anything on your {private automation hub}.
```

Author: Changes made 👍🏾
